CONTRIBUTING.md: add instructions on how to remote desktop into Windows CI (#50841)
pytorch/pytorch: CONTRIBUTING.md

4. Now you can find the pytorch working directory, which could be
   `~/workspace` or `~/project`, and run commands locally to debug
   the failure.

For certain Windows failures, it may be useful to have a full [Remote
Desktop](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-server/remote/remote-desktop-services/clients/remote-desktop-clients) connection. See detailed instructions [here](https://github.com/pytorch/pytorch/wiki/Debugging-Windows-with-Remote-Desktop-or-CDB-(CLI-windbg)-on-CircleCI)

> for how to set that up after reaching step 3.

Reviewer: hmm. I am not sure how this instruction links to the 4 steps above. do you mean we should do this after step 1,2,3 (e.g. skip step 4?)

Author: Ah, this is all under the heading CI Failure Tips. The above steps show how to rerun, this is an additional step people can do for Windows if they'd like to access more of the machine. I just mean steps 1 and 2 are still necessary for the instructions to work.

Reviewer 2: Is this perhaps clearer then?
```suggestion
for how to set that up after doing steps 1 and 2.
```

Author: Maybe I should just say rerunning the job, because it's not that the user necessarily needs to refer back to those steps.
